hi ladies the Sun is coming out
that means we're pulling out the bathing
suits are running to the store to grab
some swimsuits for our kids I was at the
store and I saw these tiny little
triangle top bikinis when I was shopping
for Susan's six-year-old and I was
really confused why why are these such
sexy little bathing suits for little
girls so this made me ask the question
bikinis for little girls and young
tweens are these cute or just plain
wrong I have a five-year-old daughter
and I may play the hypocrite in this
role because my daughter has worn
bikinis and my daughter's and models
bikinis but my line has always been the
separation between baby and child if
there's a diaper hanging out over that
bikini bottom
or if there's big chubby fat guy rolls
hanging out around it it doesn't bother
me as much the bikinis on babies just
creeps me out it's less sexual to me to
just have a baby run around in a diaper
then to put these little triangle tops
or tube tops on to breasts that really
aren't breasts yet it's just like it
skeeves me out in every possible way
I'm currently embroiled with my
twelve-year-old who would love to you
know get the smallest bikini and we've
got real issues and I have to have these
conversations with my kid which is these
are clothes that women use to seduce men
you are not a seductress this is not the
age for that now I kind of disagree with
that yes we wear them to look good but
let's look at what I wear when I go out
with my girlfriends when we all go to
blog her and we dress up are we dressing
up to those sedusa man there's no men
there you know I mean I I can't say that
I um everything I do and when I wear
something that makes me feel attractive
and womanly that that is to seduce a man
okay I'm gonna challenge you here when's
the last time you wore a push-up bra to
make yourself look hot for
other moms I wear my push-up bra blood
hurt huh I have to I'm very small I
between boys right now but I would no
sooner give them a tube stuff to sit
down their pants than I would my
granddaughter a patent for all on to
wear so that's what we think about
bikinis on girls what do you think
bikinis on little girls is it cute or
wrong join the monitor station at member
station calm